


 1. Gitlab Configuration and Permissins Setups:
	
	-Record the name and email address of each user in GitLab.
	-Ensure that all users have read access (pull) to the git projects and repositories within the demo group.
	-Set up the necessary permission for branches so that developers can only push to their own branches and merge into dev branch. 

2. PowerShell Script Creation:

	-Write PowerShell scripts to configure GitLab and set user permissions.
	-Automate the creation of repositories and branches and setting permissions using the scripts.

3. NET Core Project Configuration:

	-Create separate branches for developers in the "babilon" repository, named after themselves.
	-Set up the necessary permissions so that they can only push to their own branches and merge into the dev branch.

4. Automated Notifications:

	-Integrate email notifications in GitLab to inform developers and the lead1 user about changes in different process steps, commits, and merges.

5. Creation of Build and Test Environment using Docker:

	-Set up two separate Docker containers: one for building and one for testing.
	-Provide the necessary .NET Core version and Visual Studio in the build environment for compiling.
	-Automate the build process using scripts, including compiling all projects and running unit tests.
	-Run tests in the testing environment and record the results.

6. Documentation:

	-Prepare detailed documentation of the process, including configurations, scripts, and notifications.
	-Explain to developers and the lead1 user how to use the environment and follow the process.

7. Testing:

	-Verify that the process works flawlessly as expected, and notifications are sent correctly.
	-Ensure that the build and test results are as expected.

8. Creating a Test Container:

	-If the build is successful, create another Windows container suitable for running .NET Core projects.
	-Copy the compiled Server project files (exe, dll) to the base container.
	-Start the container and run the compiled Server project inside it.

9. Sending Email Notifications:

	-Send email notifications to test1 and lead1 users with the information about the created test container.
